In this video, we'll
talk about some
of the settings that
can be configured
for an in page experience.
To configure the experience
settings, edit the experience,
and then click Settings
in the left navigation.
There are six different settings
that could be configured.
Player settings is
where we'll select
the player to use
for the experience
and set the player behavior.
The video settings is where we
configure if related links are
displayed, if
downloads are allowed,
and other video
related settings.
Social settings is where we'll
configure the social sharing
options that are available.
SEO settings is where
the SEO related settings
and the sitemap
code are located.
Tracking settings
is where we can
enter our Google
Analytics tracking
ID to track visitor activity.
Finally, the advanced
settings is where
we can enter custom JavaScript.
In this training,
we're going to focus
on the first three settings.
The player settings
is where we'll
select a player to
use for the experience
and configure the
player behavior.
When video playback
is complete, you
can choose to have the
after play state displayed,
which is the default, or
remain on the current state.
This is mainly
used when you have
a player and screen configured.
To remain at current
video option,
we'll allow the
player and screen
to be displayed to the user.
There are also options to enable
in-line playback on iOS devices
and to advance to the
next video automatically.
The video settings are
pretty straightforward.
These settings control
what will be displayed.
You can also configure
the ability for viewers
to download videos.
Finally, the social
settings is where
we can choose how the
social icons are displayed
and what social sharing
options are available.
Let's go ahead
and configure some
of the experience settings.
I'm going to click Settings
in the left navigation.
Let's look at the
player settings.
I'm going to select a player
to use with the experience.
I'm going to select a
player we created earlier
in the training.
I'll also select both
of these options here.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
Let's look at the
video settings.
I'm going to turn on related
links and the watched
indicator.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
Finally, we'll configure
this social settings.
The first option is how
the icons are displayed.
I want to see the social icon,
so I'll pick that option.
Next I need to select which
sharing options are available.
Some of the sharing options do
offer the ability to configure
the sharing message.
I'm just going to take
the defaults for now.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
Let's preview the experience.
I could see the styling
changes we made earlier.
Notice the social icons
are also appearing.
I think we're done.
There's one last thing to do.
Does anyone know what that is?
For all these changes
we've made to appear out
on our production experience, we
need to publish the experience.
I'll click Publish and
Embed, and then click
the Publish Changes button.
The last thing we'll talk
about are some other resources
that are available to you
as you work with gallery.